Compilation and installation

The primary output of the source here is the libyaz.a library, which
contains support functions for implementing the server or client role
of Z39.50/SR. Currently, the library is placed in a directory 'lib'
which is one level *above* the distribution directory (yaz). This was
initially done because the library is often used along with several
other packages, and it was useful to gather the different libraries in
a common place. If you don't like it, changing the 'LIBDIR' macro in
the toplevel makefile should be sufficient. Obscurely, the header
files are located in the include-directory *under* the yaz/ directory.

The toplevel makefile also contains directions on how to enable Peter
Furniss' XTIMOSI package. The package can be downloaded from
ftp://pluto.ulcc.ac.uk/ulcc/thinosi/... (or something close to that).
If you place the xtimosi directory on the same level as the yaz
directory, and simply follow the directions in the toplevel YAZ
makefile, the libmosi.a library from xtimosi should link in with no
problems. The xtimosi library is needed to support a full OSI stack,
but is *not* required to talk to American-style Z39.50 implementations
over TCP/IP. Don't worry about compiling the test applications in the
xtimosi package. Just do a "make libmosi.a", and do whatever is
required to make the compilation complete on your local ystem.

Two test-programs of interest are generated when you type 'make' at
the top level. server/ztest and yazlib/cli. Ztest is a dummy database
server which returns canned responses to all queries. It's good for
verifying that the protocol works ok, and ztest.c shows a minimalistic
implementation of the 'backend' interface.

Cli is a linemode Z39.50 client. It supports a fair amount of the
functionality of Z39.50v2/SR, but some things you need to enable by
recompilation. Its primary purpose is to excersise the package, and
verify that the protocol works OK. It can be started by typing

cli tcp:<hostname>:<port>

at the UNIX prompt, to connect to a Z39.50 server, or

cli osi:[<tsel>'/']<hostname>:<port>

to connect to an OSI SR target (this requires XTIMOSI). To connect to
the DANBIB test target, you might use:

cli osi:0103/find2.denet.dk:4500

CLI supports CCL-queries, with the mapping between qualifiers and
attribute values specified in the file default.bib in the working
directory.

The directories:

util    - Various little utility functions. Logging, memory debugging,
	primitive ISO2709 presentation for the client, etc.

odr     - Open Data Representation. This module implements the BER
	encoding rules. Documentation is found in the files odr.man
	and odr.txt.

asn     - This module implements the Z39.50/SR protocol. The best way
	to find out how it works is to look in the sample
	client/server code in server/seshigh.c or yazlib/tst.c.

yazlib  - This module primarily implements the transport transparency
	stack (COMSTACK). The comstack implements a generic interface
	for exchanging BER-encoded records over a network. It supports
	the American mode of exchanging the records straight over
	TCP/IP, and Peter Furniss' XTIMOSI package over RFC1006. Look
	for documentation in the file comstack.man.

server  - This is the implementation of the server frontend. It
	It provides event-handling and server managament functions,
	and calls the backend primitives (best documentation of these
	is in the file include/backend.h).

rfc1006 - Xtimosi requires an implementation of the OSI transport
	with an XTI-based API. Some systems (HP and DEC, notably)
	provide this. For others, we provide an implementation of the
	RFC1006 protocol (which is what ISODE-based implementations
	typically use). This module is not neeeded if you don't use
	xtimosi.

makelib - This is a simple utility that gathers the libraries from the
	previous modules into libyaz.a.

include - The various header files.

../lib  - The libraries. Primarily libyaz.a.
